product manager business and Chris Paul
and I should thank em about the brittle
for having us here and explain you who
we are who we do this is social
interaction and I utility that
aggregates presence is messaging and
void into one space we found them in
2006 and are funded by hathras Hogan
painters and my growth capital which is
the nasara best guy in the rear received
an adult and two thousand and yeah
actually a week ago who received second
fund a finger at all actually there is a
president's present about in a 176
countries and currently we have about a
thousand new uses every day the core
concept of niggas coquettes concept of
Nemesis is messaging port and presence
free oriental mobile Belson web and the
pc and we bring all these services to
our communities and local friends so let
me explain why why are we doing this
mzee Oh system of the socially
and first see is a messican network they
offer boy presence in is messaging as
well of course not the connected social
networks and if you can see it to never
actually connected to your friends but
it's not really real time communication
then you have an operator they also want
to enter this fence and the national
radio voice course but they don't really
offer community and present yet and yeah
so if you look at the agency that it's
creates a creates a lot more card that
doesn't really easier for users and for
that we're name is Dante name is
actually connects you to all these
napkins and combines these pitches in
one place put this in a real-life
context and let's take a look at the
they say it works and reproduction
the worst
I expresses interest rate and
so I just launched numbers on the boba
and as you can see the left hand side
here are the communities that I
basically loved you from msn to we'll
talk numbers skype everybody's there on
the right hand side you can see
everybody's present status and where
they currently offline so I'm gonna
check in with a bad party and get the
options together call start chat sent in
the file sent phone or other things and
start chatting with him see what he's up
to asking him hi what's up and he almost
held in his replying to my channel and
he says his eggs immortal
the city through skype unacceptable to
take i-5 to be here right now from baby
okay the word about five days
actually what you see here is a measure
from a google map and never said this
next video shows her from youtube to get
me online our intensity of us so you can
fold up with a three pipe okay
that's what I was just messing with you
got breakfast and eat it out of you ok
but we also which is fully dedicated for
providing recon communication and
through voice it chased off staff
program it's increase attendance for
very purpose unless i can c do for all
right is practice for what we are doing
right now we have filled that hole where
we can connect to operate as well and
with with Wi-Fi work provides as well as
a as mobile provides to get connection
with social network is investing and
void yeah for us and probably you think
this as well it's a great story to hear
but actually just stop talking bye we
may have already because I cookies for
attention campers we also correct love
you too three operators in the world and
I will to put to build rapport de while
the next life and death purposes and
this is our mission statement and anchor
that you have had any questions and he
find us a method and Florida failure the
attack responded veces well and that's
right mention is a good success story
effect